gh-91114: Added argument for json dump/dumps to print arrays (from lists and tuples) on one line (#31762)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-03-08-11-13-25.bpo-46958.2CkwDp.rst

> Added new optional list_oneline argument to json.dump() and json.dumps()
> which causes array output to be printed on a single line. Defaults to False
> if not passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added optional argument *list_oneline* to :meth:`json.dump` and
:meth:`json.dumps` for printing array output on a single
line. Patch by Daniel Marshall.
```
